Builder explicit padding (#109)
zcash/sapling-crypto: CHANGELOG.md

    generic parameters and returns `(UnauthorizedBundle, SaplingMetadata)`. The
    caller can then use `Bundle::<InProgress<Unproven, _>>::create_proofs` to
    create spend and output proofs for the bundle.
  - `SaplingBuilder::build` now takes a `BundleType` argument that instructs
    it how to pad the bundle with dummy outputs.

>   - `SaplingBuilder::bundle_output_count` has been changed to use a padding
>     rule to compute its result. It also now returns a `Result<usize, &'static str>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `SaplingBuilder::bundle_output_count` has been changed to use a bundle
    type to compute its result. It also now returns a `Result<usize, Error>`
```
This first sentence would be unnecessary if `SaplingBuilder` were constructed with the bundle type.
